      Our final project, www.turftalk.us, is a unique hyper local social media website designed to connect friends, strangers, and acquaintances that are in the same physical location through conversation and sharing. I would recommend using Google Chrome to look at the website. Most of the backend code is written in Ruby because we have used “Ruby on Rails” (about which more information can be found here: http://www.rubyonrails.org/) as our framework. Furthermore, our client side implementation is done primarily in JavaScript, our front end is designed with HTML and CSS, and we utilized SQLite3 as a database system. To compile and configure the code for our project, “Ruby on Rails” as well as its related dependencies (that vary by operating system) must be downloaded. “Ruby on Rails” can be downloaded at http://www.rubyonrails.org/. Once downloaded, navigate your way tot the project directory and run “bundle install” via the terminal to download the related dependencies. Then run “rake db:migrate” in order to set up the databases that should be used in the localhost version of turftalk. To view the project on the localhost, run the following command: “rails s” and then view the project by navigating to “localhost:3000.” Alternatively, turftalk can be found on the internet at http://www.turftalk.us.       Our code is organized as a standard “Ruby on Rails” project—we used the folders that were essentially given to us by the framework. The contents of the multiple folders are detailed below. Inside our “apps” directory, we have the models, views, and controller code as well as the application specific JavaScript.  The “config” directory was autogenerated by “Ruby on Rails.” Its contents set many of the environmental variables and also include the “routes” files that determine the URL’s of different pages. The “db” files contains documentation of each migration within the databases. These migrations are what “Ruby on Rails” uses to interact with the SQL database. The “gem” file contains all of the plugins that are used in the “Ruby on Rails” application. The remainder of the directories were autogenerated by “Ruby on Rails.” We did not modify these files but are needed for the code to compile and run. Essentially, the core of our self-written code can be found in the “apps” folder; the remainder of the directories are simply used to support the functionality of both the framework and our created code.       Because our “apps” file is our most important, what follows is a description of each of its components. The “assests” directory contains all of the images, JavaScript, and style sheets that we are going to render. The “controller” folder contains all the code relevant to the functionality of our controllers. The “helpers” file contains code that can be accessible by a controller so that the controller can work properly. The “mailers” directory is currently empty but will be used to store the functions associated with sending the user emails. The “models” folder contains all of the models that we use and the “views” file contains all of the HTML (and some JavaScript) used by each controller.        We pride turftalk on being intuitive and fun to use, even for new users. We understand, though, that an influx of completely new information can be frustrating and intimidating, and are happy to provide a walkthrough of the site. Upon visiting http://turftalk.us, you will see a form through which you can sign up for our website and a form through which you can sign back into the site if you already have an account. Moreover, you will be able to see our logo, a brief description of turftalk, as well as a button that will bring you to a page with more information, FAQs, and a feedback form. Once logged in, you will be directed to our homepage, on which you will see four distinct rectangles each with a distinct function. In the “Create” box, you will be able to create your own turf by inputting the desired name of your turf, your current location (which will be verified by turftalk as equivalent to where you actually are), and a description of the turf (what you will use it for). In the “Join” box, you can scroll through all of the turfs that you are geographically close enough to enter. This box displays each of the turfs name, location, number of members, and distance from you. You can also read the description by clicking on “Description.” In order to join any of these turfs, simply click on the box of the turf you’d like to enter. The “Return” box displays all turfs that you have recently joined and haven’t yet clicked “leave” and are still in the location range. To return to any of these turfs, simply click on the turf you’d like to enter. To leave any of these turfs, click on the “Leave” button immediately to the right of the turf of which you no longer want to be a part. The final box on this page is the Search box. You can utilize the search function to find turfs by name, location, and/or description. The results returned from the search will be turfs that are both in range for you to join and not in range. To join, simply click on the desired turf. If you are not in range, turftalk will display an error message saying that you are too far away from the location of that turf.       The fun truly begins when you are inside of a turf. After creating your own turf or joining one near you, you will see a screen with three boxes. The top most will be filled with all the information about the current space, including the name, the location, the description, and the number of members. In addition, this rectangle will have  “leave” button that should be clicked if you no longer would like to be a part of the space (Note that if you just returned to the homepage, the turf would still be listed in the Return box unless you have hit this “leave” button). The largest box on the page can be used to share questions, discussion provoking thoughts, and links with the other members of the turf. To do so, simply type what you’d like to share into the text box right under your name in the top left corner of this largest box. On each post, you can give it an upvote (green arrow), give it a downvote (red arrow), view the comments, and add your own. These posts are currently organized chronologically with the most recent post at the top. You will also see a map that shows your current location. The last box on the turf screen is the chat box. You should use this to share any quick thoughts with the group and or discuss anything you don’t think it worthy of a post. These chats are organized chronologically as well but with the most recent at the bottom.       We have also created a profile page that can be accessed by either clicking on your name in the top right corner of the navigation bar or by clicking your name in the post box in a turf. Once of your profile page, you can view your current turfs, your first name, last name, and email. In addition, you are able to change your password on this page if you’d like. We have also have allowed users to access other people’s profile pages. This can be done by simply clicking on anyone’s name to view their profile.       Our last page is called “Learn More” and can be accessed either through a button on the initial sign up page or by clicking the button in the top navigation bar that says “Learn More.” Once on this page you will find a bunch of frequently asked questions. Click on the question in order to reveal the answer. There is also a feedback button that will reveal an email address to which any questions, compliments, or complaints should be sent. We hope that this page will provide all users with enough information so that they can meaningfully and easily navigate and enjoy turftalk! We hope that this walkthrough has provided you with all of the necessary details of our site and how they are used. We truly hope you share our excitement in launching turftalk, a truly unique sharing and interactive tool, and look forward to seeing turfs pop up all over the world!